# FictoNews

**FictoNews** \- is a news website that generates fictional news using OpenAI API. The project showcases the integration of AI into web applications and content generation capabilities.

## Features

- **News Generation**: News articles are generated by AI based on selected topics and preferences.
- **News Categories**: Users can choose categories such as technology, sports, entertainment, etc.
- **Moderation**: Admins can edit or delete generated news articles.
- **SEO Optimization**: Automatic metadata generation to enhance site visibility.
- **Image Generation**: Integration with DALL·E for creating unique images for news articles.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/anarch02/fictonews.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd fictonews
   ```

3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   composer install
   npm install
   npm run dev
   ```

4. Create an `.env` file and configure the database connection:
   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env
   ```

5. Generate the application key:
   ```bash
   php artisan key:generate
   ```

6. Run migrations to set up the database:
   ```bash
   php artisan migrate
   ```

7. Configure OpenAI API:
   - Sign up at [OpenAI](https://openai.com/) and obtain an API key.
   - Add the key to the `.env` file:
     ```env
     OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key
     ```

8. Start the local development server:
   ```bash
   php artisan serve
   ```

## Usage

1. Open the website in your browser at `http://localhost:8000`.
2. Select or create a news category.
3. Enjoy the AI-generated fictional news articles!

## Tech Stack

- **Backend**: Laravel 11
- **Frontend**: Blade, TailwindCSS
- **API**: OpenAI API
- **Database**: MySQL

## Development

- Implementing news generation functionality.
- Integrating with OpenAI API for processing requests.
- Building a category and filtering system.
- Adding moderation features.

## Future Plans

- Add support for multiple languages.
- Develop a mobile application for the platform.
- Implement user authentication and preference system.

## Contact

Author: Mirjalol Rakhmatjonov  
[Portfolio Website](https://rakhmatjonov.uz)  
[LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/rakhmatjonov)
